isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isBlue agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isGreen agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isRed agentInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isGreen blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isGreen blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isBlue isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isBlue blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isGreen isRed blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isBlue blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
isRed isGreen blockInRoom
